---
layout: post
title: "Leaving MIT"
categories: FSAE
---

I'm probably the Nth person who has said that this is crazy, but I've had a bit
of a wild and strange time with this global pandemic.

School during the semester is intense, so I've got to admit that I wasn't
following COVID-19 particularly early. It first really hit my radar at Boston
Logan Airport March 20th.

We had our big winter MIT Driverless trip to Delft at the end of January.
We made great progress on the car and since our budget just grew quite a bit,
our team decided to try for multiple smaller trips to Delft over the next semester.

The idea was for me to just spend the weekend in Delft - (TLDR; I did and we had
a great time doing whiteboard math ;) ).

Anyway, I was in mid-semester craziness sitting in Boston Logan. I think
my family might have mentioned something about travelling, and I had
read in the news that people were avoiding flights. But I was not really
paying any mind.

I got through security with my paranoid 2+ hours to spare and just just catching
up on Slack with my team, when a teammate asked me if I had taken off yet.

Responsive teammate that I am, I replied back and in short order was sent
Raphel Rief's suspension of interational travel.  RIP.

Some chaotic calling / emailing later I checked in with Driverless's team
lead. Desperately I emailed / called the MIT's emergency response team handling
exemptions to the ban. I guess sometimes despiration works, because I managed to
get an exemption and take off.



My controls team, working closest with hardware was on the frontlines.

Driverless was trying to
